A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesn't have.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A good friendship is often more important than a passionate romance.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.
A light heart carries you through all the hard times.
A new perspective will come with the new year.
A person is never too old to learn.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.
Adventure can be real happiness.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.
An important person will offer you support.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow.
Courtesy begins in the home.
Do not underestimate yourself. Human beings have unlimited potentials.
Don't just spend time. Invest it.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Fortune favors the brave.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Good news will come to you by mail.
Great things are coming.
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.
Happiness is an activity.
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now.
Have a beautiful day.
Helping others is the way to help yourself.
If you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
If you want the rainbow, you have to tolerate the rain.
In the end all things will be known.
It is better to be an optimist and proven wrong than to be a pessimist and proven right.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Keep your eye out for someone special.
Knowledge is power.
Let the deeds speak.
Love can last a lifetime, if you want it to.
Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same.
Love lights up the world.
Man is not complete until he is married.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Never fear! The end of something marks the start of something new.
Now is the time to try something new.
Opportunity knocks on your door every day.
Patience is a virtue, but persistence to the point of success is a blessing.
Practice makes perfect.
Prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Put your mind into planning today and your future will be happy.
Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
Rest and be thankful.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
Short is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
Some chance events will bring you fortune.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Take the chance while you still have the choice.
The best prediction of the future is the past.
The greatest risk is not taking one.
The greatest virtue is kindness.
The one that recognizes the illusion does not act as if it is real.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The stars are aligned in your favor.
The time is right to make new friends.
The treasure you seek is in your own backyard.
The way is clear, now is the time.
There is no greater pleasure than seeing your loved ones prosper.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
Today is a lucky day for those who remain cheerful and optimistic.
Trust your intuition, it will guide you to success.
Use your talents and abilities to help others.
What you seek is seeking you.
When fear hurts you, conquer it and defeat it!
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
You are destined for greatness.
You are on the right track.
You will find great contentment in the simple things.
You will have a pleasant surprise.
You will make a change for the better.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
Your character is your destiny.
Your dreams are worth pursuing.
Your hard work will soon pay off.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your thoughts are creative, original, and dynamic.
Your wisdom is your strength.
A wonderful opportunity is approaching.
A youthful spirit will guide you to success.
Act with generosity and kindness.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
An unexpected event will bring you riches.
Be the change you want to see.
Good things come to those who wait.
Joy is around the corner.
Keep an open mind and new doors will open.
Learn from the past, prepare for the future.
Peace comes from within.
Success is in your near future.
Take time to enjoy the little things.
