You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
The obstacle on the path becomes the way.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good person should be. Be one.
He who fears death will never do anything worth of a living man.
If it is not right, do not do it; if it is not true, do not say it.
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts.
To live a good life: We have the potential for it. If we learn to be indifferent to what makes no difference.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
He who angers you conquers you.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it.
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid.
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself?
The things you think about determine the quality of your mind.
Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears.
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.
Look well into thyself; there is a source of strength which will always spring up if thou wilt always look.
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself.
No great thing is created suddenly.
Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.
He suffers more than necessary, who suffers before it is necessary.
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
Do every act of your life as if it were your last.
To love only what happens, what was destined. No greater harmony.
Don't hanker after what you don't have. Instead, fix your attentions on the finest and best that you have.
He who is brave is free.
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
No man is hurt but by himself.
Associate with those who will make a better man of you.
The best answer to anger is silence.
Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.
Think of yourself as dead. You have lived your life. Now take what's left and live it properly.
To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden.
Be content with what you are, and wish not change; nor dread your last day.
Don't let your reflection on the whole sweep of life crush you.
The tranquility that comes when you stop caring what they say. Or think, or do.
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
Do not indulge in dreams of having what you have not, but reckon up the chief of the blessings you do possess.
Man is affected not by events, but by the view he takes of them.
To live happily is an inward power of the soul.
No evil is honorable: but death is honorable; therefore death is not evil.
Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life.
Don't be overheard complaining about life.
A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions.
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way.
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil.
Don't aim to be better than others; aim to be better than your former self.
Be indifferent to what makes no difference.
The wise man is indifferent to everything which he cannot control.
Accept whatever comes to you woven in the pattern of your destiny, for what could more aptly fit your needs?
No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
Freedom is the power to live as you wish.
You could leave life right now. Let that determine what you do and say and think.
Be silent as to services you have rendered, but speak of favours you have received.
When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred.
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one.
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future too.
To understand the true quality of people, you must look into their minds, and examine their pursuits and aversions.
If it is not right, do not do it; if it is not true, do not say it.
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.
Don't demand that things happen as you wish, but wish that they happen as they do happen.
Let not your mind run on what you lack as much as on what you have already.
It is not things themselves that disturb us, but our opinions about things.
Accept what you cannot change, change what you can, and have wisdom to know the difference.
How ridiculous and how strange to be surprised at anything which happens in life.
Be like the cliff against which the waves continually break; but it stands firm and tames the fury of the water around it.
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it.
Don't be ashamed to need help. Like a soldier on the wall, you are stronger if you stand with your comrades.
Difficulty shows what men are.
Remember: no man is happy who does not think himself so.
Look well into thyself; there is a source of strength which will always spring up if thou wilt always look.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions.
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.
You have been born to do good to others.
The mind adapts and converts to its own purposes the obstacle to our acting.
The best way to avenge yourself is to not become like that.
Be stoic in everything you do and say.
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
The things you think about determine the quality of your mind.
Don't seek for everything to happen as you wish it would, but rather wish that everything happens as it actually will.
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way.
He who fears death will never do anything worthy of a living man.
Don't aspire to be anyone other than who you are.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Look to the stars and not down at your feet.
Things are not bad in themselves, but our opinions about things make them so.
To love only what happens, what was destined. No greater harmony.
Be careful what you set your heart upon ' for it will surely be yours.
The more we value things outside our control, the less control we have.
The whole universe is change and life itself is but what you deem it.
Receive without pride, let go without attachment.
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not.
