Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Your limitation'it's only your imagination.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Success doesn't just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.
Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Little things make big days.
It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we're tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
If you believe it will work out, you'll see opportunities.
You are capable of amazing things.
Your only limit is you.
Push harder than yesterday if you want a different tomorrow.
The future depends on what you do today.
Don't limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
Stay positive, work hard, make it happen.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
Work hard in silence, let success be your noise.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
Success is not for the lazy.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up.
Magic is believing in yourself. If you can do that, you can make anything happen.
Great things never came from comfort zones.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are.
You are stronger than you think.
If it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Don't count the days, make the days count.
You don't find the happy life. You make it.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Be so good they can't ignore you.
Work until your idols become your rivals.
Sometimes the smallest step in the right direction ends up being the biggest step of your life.
You are your only limit.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise.
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Great things take time. Be patient.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Don't be afraid to fail. Be afraid not to try.
Believe in yourself and all that you are.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Don't let anyone tell you that you can't do something.
Your mindset determines your success.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Don't stop until you're proud.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish.
Your potential is endless.
Dream it. Believe it. Build it.
Do what excites you.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
What seems impossible today will one day become your warm-up.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Make your life a masterpiece.
Stay positive, work hard, and make it happen.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.
Success is not about luck, it's about effort.
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible.
Don't let fear stop you from achieving your dreams.
You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard.
If you want to fly, give up everything that weighs you down.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
The best revenge is massive success.
Don't be afraid to be a beginner.
Believe in your infinite potential.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow.
Your dreams don't work unless you do.
Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect.
Success is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Rise up and attack the day with enthusiasm.
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
Be the energy you want to attract.
Your attitude determines your direction.
